# Meeting Agenda for December 23rd, 2023 - Steering Committee Meeting

- Branding / CDN Update ~ @samuel
  - auto polling needs to be turned on
- DNS things ~ @reesericci (and @Jasper)
- <https://hackclub.slack.com/archives/C068D2P46TH/p1703205878962979> ~ Thread on naming things
- Pinned Message / Entry guide on org level contributing
- Regular meeting schedule
- SC Roles
  - Co Chairs ~ @Jasper @reesericci
  - Secretary / Treasurer ~ @kieran
  - At Large ~ @samuel @Aram
- <https://linear.app/purplebubble> Linear ~ @Jasper
  - Not actually going to use it
  - Properly setup github projects instead
- Github Sponsors ~ @Jasper
- Infra Decisions
  - Document infra?
  - Server(s)? (Jasper has homelab, and can do proxmox + identity, DNS, server, etc)
  - Stack Choices
    - Website ~ Astro
  - Populate infra doc so others can see ~ Similar to Nest Canvas (@samuel?)
    - I don't think I'd be the best to write it up as I'm not too familiar with our current infra
    - Got it ~ Jasper
- so can we figure out what we’re actually doing?
  - Mobile app: native/cross-platform? flutter or rn?
  - What’s the first thing to do:
    - Matrix implementation in mobile app?
    - New protocol? Based off of what, if anything?
- <https://dev.37signals.com/the-radiating-programmer/> ~ @kieran
